packages/shutter/README.md, before:

# shutter [![NPM Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/shutter.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/shutter)

CLI tool to use the [shutter.sh](https://shutter.sh/) service.

It can upload static web pages to the service for processing and download files from it.

## Installation

```sh
$ npm install shutter
# or using yarn:
$ yarn add shutter
```

## Usage

### Login

You need an authentication token in order to use shutter.sh. The `shutter` CLI tool allows you to easily log in using your token.

```sh
$ npx shutter authenticate YOURAUTHTOKEN
```

### Update snapshots

From time to time you will work on your user interface and the snapshots won't match anymore, due to intended changes. In that case you can use `shutter update` to interactively update your snapshots.

```sh
$ shutter update
```

It shows an interactive list containing all tests that failed on last test run. You can select the snapshots you want to update.

### Help

To print usage instructions:

```sh
$ npx shutter --help
```

## See also

Check out the documentation at <https://docs.shutter.sh>.

Commit message:

Update documentation: Document `shutter login`

packages/shutter/README.md, after:

# shutter [![NPM Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/shutter.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/shutter)

CLI tool to use the [shutter.sh](https://shutter.sh/) service.

It can upload static web pages to the service for processing and download files from it.

## Installation

```sh
$ npm install shutter
# or using yarn:
$ yarn add shutter
```

## Usage

### Login

The `shutter` CLI tool allows you to easily log in using your GitHub account. On successful login an authentication token will be written to the `.shutterrc` file in your home directory.

```sh
$ npx shutter login
```

### Update snapshots

From time to time you will work on your user interface and the snapshots won't match anymore, due to intended changes. In that case you can use `shutter update` to interactively update your snapshots.

```sh
$ shutter update
```

It shows an interactive list containing all tests that failed on last test run. You can select the snapshots you want to update.

### Help

To print usage instructions:

```sh
$ npx shutter --help
```

## See also

Check out the documentation at <https://docs.shutter.sh>.
